hello I'm going to do another hot cheeto
challenge and it's just the regular
shoes I have a drink and I'm going to
try my best not to drink any I'm just a
little bit right okay man try to eat all
of it um probably till it reaches about
three or four minutes maybe even more
let's see it let's just see how much
time i can finish this or let's see how
long I can finish it what are ready set
go
possibly under 4 minutes
libro que no ha
I mean it's great like not so remember
yet but that 350 so you should so I
won't even pizza
awesome is switching to question he'll
settle for you were spending today for
just 99 but i would say six months 8
gdr3 much 0 1 800 Xfinity now the jams
like AMC discovery and disney + DVR
service completed three or three months
never have to be submitted your favorite
shows again record your favorite shows
rewind and pause my TV and schedule your
DVR recordings from your computer or
smartphone so go 1 800 Xfinity hang it
xfinity TV whores lows 1990-91 for six
months for ask about another Jeep at the
gas n she wasn't on TV and streaming
online or 72 xfinity triple play adapted
shorted out back no ball four humours
switch today sweats to the TV for zoe's
1999 month
that is out of this great offer our
brands low 30s recently
all i could think when i saw was the
bank wanted for car loan
aged 25 more money they have to make
sure you don't see an accredited fun its
your new car rates that average one
percent less than banks which means you
can save hundreds finance an existing
bank carlo can really reduce your
monthly car yeah that when i see banks
advertise their great rates in pure fees
time it seemed that's my big star Tesco
needs our furniture body is see why
people opportunity Leonard
so close you guys away like this video
please comment rate subscribe favorite
works this video service and 10 minutes
later he's a million up and away